Script is:inline clarifications (#1568)
withastro/docs: src/pages/en/reference/directives-reference.md

The `is:inline` directive means that `<style>` and `<script>` tags:

> - Will not be bundled into an external file. This means that attributes like `defer` which control the loading of an external file will have no effect.

Reviewer: What do you think about linking to some more extensive external documentation here?

```suggestion
- Will not be bundled into an external file. This means that [attributes like `defer`](https://javascript.info/script-async-defer) which control the loading of an external file will have no effect.
```

Link I’m proposing: <https://javascript.info/script-async-defer>

Author: I like this, it's better than the official MDN docs for explaining this point!

```

:::caution
Using `define:vars` on a `<script>` or `<style>` tag implies the [`is:inline` directive](#isinline), which means your scripts or styles won't be bundled and will be inlined directly into the HTML. 

> This is because when Astro bundles scripts, it creates one bundle for all instances of the script on the page and runs that once. `define:vars` requires a script to rerun with each set of values, so Astro creates an inline script instead.

Reviewer: Thanks for this Dan! I wonder if we can make this explanation a little more concrete (bundles, instances, etc. are a bit vague in my mind). Not entirely happy, but maybe we this could be a starting point?

```suggestion
This is because when Astro bundles a script, it includes and runs the script once even if you include the component containing the script multiple times on one page. `define:vars` requires a script to rerun with each set of values, so Astro creates an inline script instead.
```

Author: Thanks @delucis, definitely prefer this way of explaining it - will see if I can make it more concise
